this video was brought to you by Dollar
Shave Club get top quality razors
delivered to your door starting at just
one dollar a month link below in the
description skip it a button that up
I think Macintosh computers are far
superior than Windows PCs because Steve
Jobs okay did you know that Mac's have
superior performing iliza hardware that
makes it more better for editing videos
and stuff no it doesn't you pay a lot
more to get a lot less hardware when you
buy a MacBook Pro alright then fine but
did you know that Mac's
they can never ever ever ever ever ever
ever ever ever get viruses ever oh my
god you are so fucking lying get off of
this mic and let me talk so there is a
virus going around China cold wire
lurker wire lurker monitors any iOS
device connected via USB with an
infected OS 10 computer and installs
downloaded third-party applications or
automatically generated malicious
applications on to the device regardless
of whether it is jailbroken this is the
reason they are calling it wire lurker
researchers have demonstrated similar
methods to attack non jailbroken devices
before however this malware combines a
number of techniques to successfully
realize a new brand of threat to all iOS
devices once installed wire lurker can
collect information from iOS devices
like context and iMessages and it's able
to request updates from attackers it's
said to be under active development with
unclear ultimate goal so look I don't
have blinders on I'm not denial
I know Windows PCs get a fuck ton more
viruses than Mac's do for every one Mac
virus there's like a billion PC viruses
out there I get it but when I see
articles like this and I see viruses for
Mac computers being released it makes me
realize that Mac's are no different than
PCs especially now back when they were
using PowerPC architecture I've talked
about it before they had something
different you know the what IBM and the
Motorola the whole they were combined
together making the the g5 g4g 3
processors they actually were cut above
what Intel
offering but now there's just Intel
processors in MacBooks and MacBook Pros
and Mac Pros it's the same damn hardware
they're using ddr3 and soon to be ddr4
memory inside MacBooks MacBook Pros and
Mac Pro's it's everything is that it's a
PC through and through when you buy a
Mac the only thing that differentiates
it is OS 10 that's it that is the only
thing that Mac computers have over
Windows PCs is their operating system
beyond that they give you fuck all as a
matter of fact they rip you off for the
price that you spend on a MacBook or
MacBook Pro you could find up Windows PC
hardware wise with superior specs
sometimes for half the price and for all
the people who say it's worth it simply
because of the fact that you can't
quote-unquote get viruses on a Mac
that's not true it's much fewer and far
between that you will get a virus on
your Mac but it's still possible and
over time as Mac's become even more
popular there will be more viruses
released so I'm not saying don't get a
Mac a Mac may be the perfect fit for you
and fit all of your needs just don't
drink the Apple kool-aid please just
know what you're getting into but Steve
Jobs sent me a nude selfie in 2012 Oh
Steve Jobs died in 2011 oh that must
have been a dream I was having then was
a good dream okay you Mac fanboys are
fucked up man god damn